blog: Add Securing Admin access to Apache APISIX post (#1495)
iresty/iresty.github.io: blog/en/blog/2023/02/09/secure-apisix-admin.md

---

> title: Securing Admin access to Apache APISIX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Securing Admin Access to Apache APISIX
```

authors:
  - name: Nicolas Fränkel
    title: Author
    url: https://github.com/nfrankel
    image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/752258

> keywords:
>   - Security
>   - Admin API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keywords:
  - API gateway security
  - Admin API
  - how to secure API gateway
```

> description: >
>   API Gateways are critical components in one's infrastructure. If an attacker could change the configuration of routes, they could direct traffic to their infrastructure. Consequences could range from data theft to financial losses. Worse, data theft could only be noticed after a long time by mirroring the load. Hence, protecting your API Gateway is of utmost importance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 
It's essential to secure API gateways, the critical components in infrastructures, to avoid data theft and financial losses.
```

Author: I don't understand how your suggestion improves the post. Could you please justify?

Reviewer 2: 🤔 Maybe because SEO wise 70-150 characters are ideal for descriptions. But I'm not sure if it actually makes a difference!

Author: That's the point: most SEO is based on assumptions only because Google keeps his algorithm secret to avoid people gaming it.

Reviewer: > I don't understand how your suggestion improves the post. Could you please justify?

I shortened the description to make it concise and also for SEO because no more than 120 characters would be better. That's what we have done since Q4 last year. It works, although there are many other factors for our website growth.

Author: >for SEO because no more than 120 characters would be better. That's what we have done since Q4 last year. It works

I'm sorry but that's not how it works. To prove that the proposal works, you should do A/B testing with the exact same content and only the description changed. Then, you'd measure and validate your claim - or not.

I'll repeat what I wrote above:

>Most SEO is based on assumptions only because Google keeps his algorithm secret to avoid people gaming it.

I'll abide by your proposal if you insist, but please don't make allegations that cannot be proven. My experience with SEO is that it's [snake oil](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/snake_oil) wrapped in big words and backed by nothing but hearsay. Here's the **only** guide that you can trust: [Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Starter Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/fundamentals/seo-starter-guide).

As you can see, it's very succinct and doesn't tell anything regarding the description.

Reviewer: > 

Thanks for your kind suggestions. I'll read [Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Starter Guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/fundamentals/seo-starter-guide) carefully and discuss it with our team.

tags: [Ecosystem]

> image: https://blog.frankel.ch/assets/resources/secure-apisix-admin/security-g85f9e284f.jpg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image: https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/02/09/GCYH53g6_security-g85f9e284f.jpg
```

Reviewer: This link works. @nfrankel

---

>API Gateways are critical components in one's infrastructure. If an attacker could change the configuration of routes, they could direct traffic to their infrastructure. Consequences could range from data theft to financial losses. Worse, data theft could only be noticed after a long time by mirroring the load. Hence, protecting your API Gateway is of utmost importance.

<!--truncate-->

<head>
    <link rel="canonical" href="https://blog.frankel.ch/secure-apisix-admin/" />
</head>

> In this short blog post, I'll list a couple of ways to secure your Apache APISIX admin access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this short blog post, I'll list a couple of ways to secure your [Apache APISIX](https://apisix.apache.org/) admin access.
```

```yaml
deployment:
  admin:
    # Default token when use API to call for Admin API.
    # *NOTE*: Highly recommended to modify this value to protect APISIX's Admin API.
    # Disabling this configuration item means that the Admin API does not
    # require any authentication.
    admin_key:
      - name: admin
        key: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1                                    #1
        role: admin                 # admin: manage all configuration data
                                    # viewer: only can view configuration data
      - name: viewer
        key: 4054f7cf07e344346cd3f287985e76a2                                    #1
        role: viewer
```

1. Change it!

You may want to secure tokens even further; it depends on your platform. For example, you may want to store tokens as `Secret` and inject them at container startup.

## Restrict binding IP(s)

A server can have multiple IPs from different network adapters. For example, an API Gateway would have at least two network adapters:

* One public-facing adapter to be reachable from the Internet
* One internal for inside access

> By default, Apache APISIX will bind itself to all network adapters found on the server at startup. The above scenario means it will be reachable **from the Internet**. We should restrict access from the inside only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, [Apache APISIX](https://github.com/apache/apisix) will bind itself to all network adapters found on the server at startup. The above scenario means it will be reachable **from the Internet**. We should restrict access from the inside only.
```

---
title: Securing Admin Access to Apache APISIX
authors:
  - name: Nicolas Fränkel
    title: Author
    url: https://github.com/nfrankel
    image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/752258
keywords:
  - API gateway security
  - Admin API
  - how to secure API gateway

> description: >
>   API Gateways are critical components in one's infrastructure. If an attacker could change the configuration of routes, they could direct traffic to their infrastructure. Consequences could range from data theft to financial losses. Worse, data theft could only be noticed after a long time by mirroring the load. Hence, protecting your API Gateway is of utmost importance

Reviewer 3: I think this is good enough, just need to follow the pattern.
```suggestion
description: API Gateways are critical components in one's infrastructure. If an attacker could change the configuration of routes, they could direct traffic to their infrastructure. Consequences could range from data theft to financial losses. Worse, data theft could only be noticed after a long time by mirroring the load. Hence, protecting your API Gateway is of utmost importance
```

tags: [Ecosystem]

> image: https://blog.frankel.ch/assets/resources/secure-apisix-admin/security-g85f9e284f.jpg

Reviewer 3: Could you use a different link for the cover pic? Since the current one does not show up properly on the summary page. 

<img width="1728" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36651058/217803305-c2fde64d-3f9e-43a1-8df7-75eade76bce7.png">

Author: Please take the picture and upload it on the apiseven cloud. Or let me know how to do it, it's a recurring issue.

Reviewer 3: @juzhiyuan @SkyeYoung  would you guys be able to do knowledge transfer of picture conversions via pm?

Reviewer 4: Sure, here it is: https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/02/09/KMA4XPZD_security-g85f9e284f.jpg

---

> >API Gateways are critical components in one's infrastructure. If an attacker could change the configuration of routes, they could direct traffic to their infrastructure. Consequences could range from data theft to financial losses. Worse, data theft could only be noticed after a long time by mirroring the load. Hence, protecting your API Gateway is of utmost importance.

Reviewer 3: The quote shows up properly, but it violates markdown syntax, you should add a space between > and quoted texts, see https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#blockquotes-1

```suggestion
> API Gateways are critical components in one's infrastructure. If an attacker could change the configuration of routes, they could direct traffic to their infrastructure. Consequences could range from data theft to financial losses. Worse, data theft could only be noticed after a long time by mirroring the load. Hence, protecting your API Gateway is of utmost importance.
```

We can set which network interface Apache APISIX can bind to in the configuration:

```yaml
deployment:
  admin:
    admin_listen:
      ip: 0.0.0.0     # Specific IP, if not set, the default value is `0.0.0.0` #1
```

1. Change it!

## Restrict allowed IPs

Even if you restrict access to only IPs from inside your enterprise network, you want only some machines to access the API Gateway configuration. If it was the case, an attacker gaining access to the machine of an accountant could use it to try to attack the API Gateway.

You can restrict IP access with network policies - and you should. However, you can also implement this restriction on the API Gateway: it can allow finer-grained control and more agile changes - network policies are hard to change in general.

Here's the relevant snippet for Apache APISIX:

```yaml
deployment:
  admin:
    allow_admin:
      - 127.0.0.0/24 # If we don't set any IP list, then any IP access is allowed by default
      #- "::/64"                                                                #1
```

> 1. Change it according to your network topology

Reviewer 3: Missed a `.` symbol here.
```suggestion
1. Change it according to your network topology.
```
